docs: make landing pages more informative (#524)
canonical/pebble: docs/reference/index.md

# Reference

These guides provide technical information about Pebble.

## Layers

> Your service configuration is defined as a stack of "layers".

Reviewer: It's not just "service" configuration but also health checks and log targets. Also, "Your" feels a bit funny here. So how about:
```suggestion
Pebble configuration is defined as a stack of "layers".
```

```{toctree}
:titlesonly:
:maxdepth: 1

Layers <layers>
Layer specification <layer-specification>
```

## Pebble commands

The `pebble` command has several subcommands.

```{toctree}
:titlesonly:
:maxdepth: 1

CLI Commands <cli-commands/cli-commands>
```

## Pebble in containers

> When Pebble is configured as a client connected to a remote system (e.g., a separate container), you can use subcommands on the client to manage the remote system.

Reviewer: We try to avoid (especially Latin) abbreviations like "e.g." and "i.e.":
```suggestion
When Pebble is configured as a client connected to a remote system (for example, a separate container), you can use subcommands on the client to manage the remote system.
```

Reviewer: See https://github.com/canonical/operator/blob/main/STYLE.md#spell-out-abbreviations

Reviewer 2: I find this sentence slightly inaccurate because Pebble can't connect to a container.

How about being more precise here, something like "When the Pebble daemon is running inside a remote system (for example, a separate container), the Pebble client subcommands can be used to manage the remote system."? Maybe you can come up with something better than this :)

> When Pebble is configured as a client connected to a remote system (for example, a separate container), you can use subcommands on the client to manage the remote system.

Reviewer 2: I find this sentence slightly inaccurate because Pebble can't connect to a container.

How about being more precise here, something like "When the Pebble daemon is running inside a remote system (for example, a separate container), the Pebble client subcommands can be used to manage the remote system."? Maybe you can come up with something better than this :)

Author: Good point, thanks, I think this is a better approach. I've added https://github.com/canonical/pebble/pull/524/commits/7ab69e1e37c015c9f1c4018a7713b1b47bb17c0a with new wording
